ENTY:termeq Aspartame is also known as what ?
LOC:other Where is the location of the Orange Bowl ?
NUM:date When is President Nixon's birthday ?
DESC:desc What is the origin of the midwest slang , ' you 're darn tootin ' ?
HUM:ind Whose cupboard was bare ?
LOC:other What are the seven seas ?
ABBR:exp What does IBM stand for ?
DESC:desc What is the difference between jazz and blues ?
DESC:def What is the C programming language ?
HUM:ind What's the name of Popeye's adopted son ?
HUM:ind Who invented the vacuum cleaner ?
DESC:def What is a ' borrow pit ' ?
HUM:ind What 2th-century fictional character attends Pencey Prep School ?
NUM:count How many people in the USA say their number one source of information is the newspaper ?
HUM:ind Who does Shakespeare's Antonio borrow 3 , 0 ducats from ?
LOC:country Which country is known as '' Big Bear '' ?
ENTY:food What '' melts in your mouth , not in your hands '' .
NUM:count How many times a day should you take a prescription marked '' q.i.d . '' ?
DESC:desc What is the origin of the atom ?
HUM:ind Who is the Voyager project manager ?
HUM:gr Which radio stations air the Jim Bohannon Radio Talk Show ?
HUM:ind What two commanders directed the forces in the Battle of El Alamein ?
HUM:ind Name the creator of '' The Muppets '' .
DESC:manner How do I e-mail someone at aol.com from yahoo.com ?
HUM:ind Who replies '' I know '' to Princess Leia's confession '' I love you '' in The Empire Strikes Back ?
DESC:def What is the meaning of the name Ella ?
LOC:other What's the home of the Rockettes ?
LOC:other Where can I find all the information I need to know about the English Civil War , 1642-1649 , ?
HUM:gr What is the name of the firm that makes Spumante ?
ENTY:sport What sport is played on the largest field ?
HUM:ind Who won the 1967 Academy Award for Best Actor ?
ENTY:other What is after death ?
HUM:ind Name the first private citizen to fly in space .
HUM:ind What was football star Elroy Hirsch's nickname ?
HUM:ind What singer sings '' Oh Boy '' ?
NUM:count How much pizza do Americans eat in a day ?
LOC:other What is the website for the USA journal ?
HUM:gr What army's motto is Blood and Fire ?
ENTY:other What kind of patent did Ermal Fraze get in 1963 ?
DESC:desc What are you hearing when you put a seashell to your ear ?
DESC:reason Why are haunted houses popular ?
ENTY:other Which gender has bigger thighs ?
LOC:state What U.S. state has the second-longest coastline ?
LOC:state What state's home to the Buffalo Bill Historical Center ?
NUM:speed How fast do cheetahs run ?
ENTY:other What is Ray Bradbury's illustrated man illustrated with ?
NUM:speed How fast is a 45Mhz processor ?
ENTY:other What kind of puzzle first appeared in the U.S. in the New York World on December 21 , 1913 ?
HUM:ind What count did Alexandre Dumas write about ?
NUM:perc What are the odds of giving birth to twins ?
LOC:other What is the largest natural lake in Pennsylvania ?
NUM:dist How far is London UK from California ?
ENTY:animal Name the two mystical ravens Odin has at his command .
ENTY:animal What was the species of Winnie the Pooh ?
DESC:def What is the virus HIV ?
NUM:count How many years old is Benny Carter ?
ENTY:cremat What Hermann Hesse book gave its name to a rock group ?
LOC:other Where does the Santa Fe Trail begin and end ?
ENTY:cremat What book is the follow-up to Future Shock ?
ENTY:animal What African animals are known as The Big Five ?
ENTY:letter What is the alphabet for Latin ?
ENTY:dismed What is the fear of frogs ?
LOC:city Which city in Canada is the least-populated ?
NUM:period How old is Stevie Wonder ?
HUM:ind Who was the first Taiwanese President ?
HUM:ind Who is Luke Skywalker's father ?
ENTY:other What does a dipsomaniac crave ?
DESC:def What is the definition of the term '' weapons system '' ?
DESC:desc What are Christopher Marlowe's and Shakespeare's literary contributions to English literature ?
ENTY:food What is Nero Wolfe's favorite drink during office hours ?
HUM:gr What is the first personal computer company ?
ENTY:techmeth What is the most efficient way to start a barbeque ?
HUM:desc Who was Jane Goodall ?
DESC:reason Why are there Braille things on the ATM machines that people drive through ?
LOC:other Where is the Isle of Man ?
ENTY:cremat What book did Aaron Hass write ?
NUM:other What was the death toll at the eruption of Mount Pinatubo ?
NUM:date When will the millennium officially begin ?
HUM:ind Who created the comic strip , '' Garfield '' ?
HUM:ind Which Vietnamese terrorist is now a UN delegate in Doonesbury ?